[Tech N9ne:]
I'm humble because I know what it feels like to be at the bottom and have nobody, no friends, no nothing, nobody believing in you, now look at me.

I was down on the ground with nobody,
Some in my town said my sound was a hobby
Now that I'm crowned they're astounded and howling,
They try and come around now I'm somebody.

Middle finger in the air with a hope and a prayer
I started this
Never had no money then my daughter hit,
That was a get-up-and-hustle-nigga starter kit

Hard to spit, bars to get
At stars when it's not marketed
You're far from it, dark and your partner quit.
Really barking, you wishing for the spark to get hearts in your art a bit.

But they doubted me,
'Cause I'm nothing like I never knew
How to be stylistically foul
And he's proud to be wild
And he's thinking now is time to get the crowd shouting
Now people found him, it's, "Wow, peep his salary"

Way back when I was feeling defeated,
When inspiration, motivation was needed.
At the pace to be great I've exceeded,
All of your expectations you fakers can eat it.

This my world, this my game,
All the wicked shit is coming out of my brain.
This my girl, music is my dame
If you can get it, I'mma keep it PI mane
Why not share the pie?
Scared that I would get the people liking me,
And wouldn't dare to buy your shit.
Try to told you before that my flow sick,
Milli sold on the road with my whole clique.

Everybody listening to witness, Tech's whirlwind.
In a club with MGK, thick sex twirling.
Fought to the top, never did stop,
Now we got it's "fuck the world" then,
The haters in the past on my ass wanna come around like my ex-girlfriends.

Go
For the block I go!
For that spot I go!
To the top I go!
Screaming, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!",
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"

And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city where the weak men die,
Doing whatever we gotta do to survive,
Head to the sky, middle finger up high
Scream, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"

[Twista:]
I remember thinking I would rather die
Than go through what I was going through when I was struggling to survive
Full of ambition and I'm ready to ride,
No tragedy over triumph for I am a lion, I gotta try.

Full of drama, I was feeling like a failure.
Fiending for the industry, again, I was living in disgust.
Doing odd jobs, everybody seeking me,
Traveling to work, back and forth on the bus.

Yeah, I was fucked-up, but I got it together for y'all
Spit venomous lyrics, 'cause I was ready to ball
Started po pimping of everybody and certain
Motherfuckers that wanna get in my circle, I tell 'em no.

'Cause I gotta get money up in my anatomy, naturally,
And I gotta be gradually happy to holler
At somebody when they speak and they might be on that bullshit,
So sometimes it's "fuck them", I don't even bother

And who knows what's next for three angels chasing dreams,
Hailing from the Midwest as we spread our wings.

All of us striving to surf over the summit,
Creating us a vision that would be stunning
When we come to Earth and your city and do a show,
You would get to see everybody from miles come running

Yelling for Machine Gun Kelly,
And Tech N9ne and Twista get it in
Better bring something smelly
We can take it to another level wherever you wanna go,
Everybody put up your hands, I'm ready.

Come on, get wild let loose,
Celebrate the fact that you made it and let me see you get buck.
You done been through some shit,
But you did it 'cause you had the heart to throw the middle finger up.

Go
For the block I go!
For that spot I go!
To the top I go!
Screaming, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!",
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"

And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city where the weak men die,
Doing whatever we gotta do to survive,
Head to the sky, middle finger up high
Scream, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"

[Machine Gun Kelly:]
From the back streets to the packed seats,
On a block, running from cops like athletes
Whoever would've imagined Lace Up could've got me to the finish like track meets.

And when everybody's hot, I'm past heat,
And if I don't need the fuel, don't gas me.
It's been a long time coming since 100 Words and Running,
Motherfucker, come catch me.

And when these other rappers pen and pad it I was thirteen, with a semi-automatic
Anything we ever wanted, then you know we gotta have it,
Don't nobody ever snitch, get pinched you forget like magic.

Kids carry tools like go-go-gadget,
Leaving high school to an open casket
Now another baby in the stomach of his baby,
Mother never gonna know his daddy. Tragic.

Why the government gotta lie to get money?
What the federal reserve gotta take from me, why
What should I be fighting for another country?
Have you seen my city? Motherfucker, we're hungry.

Representing for the middle of the map even though me and mine are coming from the bottom
Why do all greats fall when it isn't autumn?
Where would Pac be at if nobody woulda shot him?

Do you really think that Notorious B would believe these guys? Nope.
Or the Internet thugs that the media finds?
You wanna talk about grind, look in the encyclopedia,
What name is in there, bet you see mine.

Motherfucker this Kells,
Skinny boy six foot three,
Heart bigger than a SUV,
Lord knows I've been through hell and back,
Ducking jail and crack,
And still I came out TOP.

So this is for the kid who never had a father figure to depend on
Spending every school day being sent home
Feeling like he doesn't know anybody
Because the only thing he gives a head to him was some headphones

So he pick a song and he turn 'em on,
Every morning just to get him through the day.
Looking for escape and a kick in the bass,
That's the story of MGK,
Lace up.

Go
For the block I go!
For that spot I go!
To the top I go!
Screaming, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!",
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"

And that's real, how I feel 24-7 in a city where the weak men die,
Doing whatever we gotta do to survive,
Head to the sky, middle finger up high
Scream, "Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world! Fuck the world! Fuck the world!"
Screaming, "Motherfuck the world!"